hello what's up guys carbon the earth
here doing a dual commentary with Aurora
the earth thing why don't you introduce
yourself hi guys roar here otherwise
known as Ali so on I have a gameplay a
free-for-all downpour playing with a
m40a3 a car going 25 26 and we're just
gonna talk about random shit if ya so
I'm paying right to bed a cock uncle's
for ya we've got all we got free topics
to talk right yeah and what's going on
in dirty girl gamers and black ops yeah
so what's going on in drft um not a lot
actually just seems lost two months
brought me yeah no-one's new no one's
we're on the newest member still yep
delicious I don't live in indirect you
know I remember bluemont I think to her
free something like that yeah I started
do it Oh stuck I came in today she just
suffered in my exam so that was twenty
second of june oh there's my last exam
nice so and then you join the rft and
you started out with how many shops by
25 and you know we're like almost 6k i
got 6k earlier so 6k in like three
months three months here in good
business alright so are you like work on
a new montage or anything and a much
lower moment cuz like I'm waiting for my
results for karai of my gcse's see what
I always give it if I am keep bad in
there I reckon I'm gonna not be on xbox
for a long time how do you have to wait
for your results dead long I don't know
if someone can answer that for me it
says it gotta go through like millions
of exam papers antler I don't know in
the Netherlands it's like like tour
weeks after your exams you get your
results and then after the summer
holiday you know vacation you can go
back to school if you want really we had
to wait two months trois pools here mmm
it's kind of scary now they're getting
so close as well yeah so um do Europe d
um nothing else to talk about really no
girl gamers and second topic and well as
my see now I am a girl and I do gained
quite a lot and people's is that
people's perceptions of girl gamers a
lot different than guys I suppose like
yeah I didn't think you go yeah I think
it's changing a bit already in it you
know now there's more girls hopping into
the scene officer of the montage making
and that kind of stuff Oh reaps was
alone wasn't she for a long time to stay
herself yeah she would like the only one
people knew if you were talking about
girl gamers in this call to d youtube
seen and now there's there's a lot
already and you're one of them yeah you
feel special I do very special yeah so
yeah I don't know are any new girls
coming up like getting really known and
a space is quite a lot of like American
girls but British girls not that I'm
aware of I know every room like this
because the optic girls off like
midnight is the optic midday and that
New Mexican girl I don't like but
alright well they're like a 30 seconds
left or 40 so Randy black ops yeah it's
really short commentary like us I've
seen the multiplayer thing and actually
unlike modern warfare 2 i'm kind of
excited for this game looks pretty sick
but yes said the RC cars are just gonna
get my nerves ramming into my shins hold
on yeah prolly how old game please what
over already so there was a really short
commentary but we'll do a part two of
this commentary soon probably yeah yeah
so stay tuned for a second part to see
you later why yeah bye bye